** Space Consult Project:Almond Media, Uk.
This project was made up of 8 team members (
	4 business Analyst led by Me as the Lead BA
	3 Project Managers
	1 Developer)
and we conducted the following taskes as B.As to deliver our product:

1. Conducted Gap Analysis for the client (Name Withheld)
2. Created a Project Scope Document
3. Prepared a Requirement gathering workshop agenda and held a requirement
   workshop with team members, the Client and other stakeholders.
   From the Requirement Gathering, we came up with the;
	i. High level requirements (HLRs), and Low level Requirements (LLRs) with their appropriate priority.
	ii. User Stories and acceptance criteria.
	iii. BA work Plan for the project.
4. created and constantly updated the Trello board with signed off documents
5. Conducted SWOT analysis
6. Created a Process Map
7. Created Wireframes for the website design following the HLRs and LLRs
8. Created a Business Model Canvas
9. Updated the Developer and Tester and supported them in interpreting the user requirement
   to be developed into codes.

Other weekly activities carried out to ensure the success of the project includes but not linmited to;
10. Weekly meetings with the team and the project supervisor for assessment and sign offs.
11. weekly sprint meeting with the developement team and Testers
12. Ensured the developer runs a Demo at every sprint meeting to access the progress of the development team.
13. Updated the Trello board and the BA work plan on a weekly basis
14. Ensured that the tester conducts a Use Acceptance Test (UAT) after every sprint DEMO until our Minimum Viable 
    Product was achieved.

Below is a link to our minimum viable product for a Multi-Vendor commercial website that that sold household and kitchen utensils

Space Consult project link
https://spaceconsult.thealmondprojects.com/product/dinglilighting-dllt-modern-reading-floor-lamp-3-light-with-adjustable-flexible-gooseneck-tree-standing-lamp-for-living-room-bedroom-study-room-office-black-metal-white-shades-e26-base/
